Welcome everyone to lessons four assigned Homework video.
And we'll just be go over the steps you need to do to the assessments for this section.
So, we want you to read the EC2 documentation, read about Apache,
write some MySQL code to get the hang of it a bit,
you don't have to do something too complex just some inserts,
updates in it and reads.
And then write some PHP code,
just like some playing around with it and then we want you to read the RDS documentation,
the S3 documentation, and lastly Read Code Commit documentation.
For all these documentation readings,
you don't have to read too in-depth just kind of like
the general understanding unless you actually want to go through
the whole thing and you're really interested about this topic
then you can read the whole thing and understand how it works.
But for our purposes,
you don't need too far in-depth.
And after you go through all the readings,
we want you to play around using all the above and just getting hands on with it.
After that you should have a pretty good understanding of how to use those services.